Mr. Hua, although your material is also good.
But a glutinous seed
No glutinous seeds, no, the first round of Mr. Gao's life
Wow
Mr. Gao's second stone has risen again
It's actually a first class soldier
Mr. Gao, you really are the king of Burma.
I didn't expect that at such a small event
He even opened two first-class soldiers
This shows that we are the jewelry material of choice
The quality is very high.
Mr. Hua, although your material is also an ice bead.
But the cracks on it are more obvious
Obviously not as good as Mr. Gao
The case cloud is lost
Mr. Bao
Do we still need to open this third piece of material?
No need, I'm not ashamed to lose to Mr. Gao
Hahahaha
8 Don't be discouraged
No, you take me as your teacher
Learn from me.
I promise to put you in the next stone betting contest
come out on top
How to become the new gambling king